1. Which of the following components of the AWS Global Infrastructure consists of one or more discrete data centers interconnected through low latency links?



A. Availability Zone

B. Edge location

C. Region

D. Private networking



2. Which is a recommended pattern for designing a highly available architecture on AWS?



A.Ensure that components have low-latency network connectivity

B. Run enough Amazon EC2 instances to operate at peak load

C. Ensure that the application is designed to accommodate failure of any single component

D. Use a monolithic application that handles all operations


3. Which service enables risk auditing by continuously monitoring and logging account activity, including user actions in the AWS Management Console and AWS SDKs?



A. Amazon Cloud Watch

B. AWS CloudTrail

C. AWS Config

D. AWS Health



4. Which storage service can be used as a low-cost option for hosting static websites?



A. Amazon Glacier

B. Amazon Dynamo DB

C. Amazon Elastic File System

D. Amazon Simple Storage Service



5. What is the benefit of using AWS managed services, such as Amazon ElasticCache and Amazon Relational Database Service?



A. They require customer to monitor and replace failing instances.

B. They have better performance then customer-managed services.

C. They simplify patching and updating underlyng OSs.

D. They do not require the customer to optimize instance type or size selections.



6. Where are AWS compliance documents, such as an SOC 1 report, located?



A. Amazon Inspector

B. AWS CloudTrail

C. AWS Artifact

D. AWS Certificate Manager



7. Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following is the customer responsible for?



A. Ensuring that disk drives are wiped after use

B. Ensuring that firmware is updated on hardware devices

C. Ensuring that data is encrypted at rest

D. Ensuring that network cables are category six or higher



8. A customer needs to run a MySQL database that easily scales. Which AWS service should they use?



A. Amazon Aurora

B. Amazon Redshift

C. Amazon Dynamo DB

D. Amazon ElastiCache



9. According to best practices, how should an application be designed to run in the AWS Cloud?



A. Use tighly coupled  components

B. Use loosely coupled components

C. Use infrequently coupled components

D. Use frequently coupled components



10. What is one of the advantages of the Amazon Relational Database Service?



A. It simplifies relational database administration tasks

B. It provides 99.9999999% reliability and durability

C. It automatically scales databases for loads

D. It enabled users to dynamically adjust CPU and RAM resources


1. A
2. C
3. B
4. D
5. B
6. C
7. C
8. A
9. B
10. A

11. Which of the following services can be used to serve large amounts of online video content with the lowest possible latency? (Select 2)



A. AWS Storage Gateway

B. Amazon S3

C. Amazon Elastic File System

D. Amazon Glacier

E. Amazon CloudFront



12. For which auditing process does AWS have sole responsibility?



A. AWS IAM policies

B. Physical security

C. Amazon S3 bucket policies

D. AWS CloudTrail Logs



13. A company is considering using AWS for a self-hosted database that requires a nightly shutdown for maintenance and cost-saving purposes. Which service should the company use?



A. Amazon Redshift

B. Amazon DynamoDB

C. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud with Amazon EC2 instance store

D. Amazon EC2 with Amazon Elastic Block Store



14. Which services can be used across hybrid AWS Cloud architectures?(Select 2)



A. Amazon Route 53

B. Virtual Private Gateway

C. Classic Load Balancer

D. Auto Scaling

E. Amazon CloudWatch default metrics



15. Which service should a customer use to consolidate and centrally manage multiple AWS accounts?



A. AWS IAM

B. AWS Organization

C. AWS Schema Conversion Tool

D. AWS Config



16. A company is looking for a scalable data warehouse solution. Which of the following AWS solutions would meet the company's needs?



A. Amazon Simple Storage Service

B. Amazon DynamoDB

C. Amazon Kinesis

D. Amazon Redshift



17. Web servers running on Amazon EC2 access a legacy application running in a corporate data center. What term would describe this model?



A. Cloud-native

B. Partner network

C. Hybrid architecture

D. Infrastructure as a service



18. A characteristic of edge location is that they:



A. host Amazon EC2 instances closer to users.

B. help lower latency and improve performance for users

C. cache frequently changing data without reaching the origin server.

D. refresh data changes daily.



19. Which of the following are features of Amazon CloudWatch Logs?(Select 2)



A. Summaries by Amazon Simple Notification Service

B. Free Amazon Elasticsearch Service analytics

C. Provided at no charge

D. Real-time monitoring

E. Adjustable retention



20. Which of the following Reserved Instance(RI) pricing models provides the highest average savings compared On-Demand pricing?



A. One-year, No Upfront, Standard RI pricing

B. One-year, All Upfront, Convertible RI pricing

C. Three-year, All Upfront, Standard RI pricing

D. Three-year, No Upfront, Convertible RI pricing


11. B,E
12. B
13. A
14. A,B
15. B
16. D
17. C
18. C
19. D,E
20. C



21. AWS supports which of the following methods to add security to identity and Access Management(IAM) users? (Select 2)



A. Implementing Amazon Rekognition

B. Using AWS Shield-protected resources

C. Blocking access with Security Groups

D. Using Multi-Factor Authentication

E. Enforcing password strength and expiration



22. A customer would like to design and build a new workload on AWS Cloud but does not have the AWS-related software technical expertise in-house. Which of the following AWS programs can a customer take advantage of to achieve that outcome?



A. AWS Partner Network Technology Partners

B. AWS Marketplace

C. AWS Partner Network Consulting Partners

D. AWS Service Catalog



23. Which of the following are valid ways for a customer to Interact with AWS services? (Select 2)



A. Command line interface

B. On-premises

C. Software Development Kits

D. Software-as-a-service

E. Hybrid



24. Which of the following inspects AWS environments to find opportunities that can save money for users and also improve system performance?



A. AWS Cost Explorer

B. AWS Trusted Advisor

C. Consolidated billing

D. Detailed billing



25. One of the advantages to moving infrastructure from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud is:



A. it allows the business to eliminate IT bills.

B. it allows the business to put a server in each customer's data center

C. it allows the business to focus on business activities


 
D. it allows the business to leave servers un-patched.


 


26. Which statement best describes Elastic Load Balancing?



A. It translates a domain name into an IP address using DNS.

B. It distributes incoming application traffic across one or more Amazon EC2 instances.

C. It collects metrics on connected Amazon EC2 instances.

D. It automatically adjusts the number of Amazon EC2 instances to support incoming traffic.





27. Which service stores objects, provides real-time access to those objects, and offers versioning and life-cycle capabilities?



A. Amazon Glacier

B. AWS Storage Gateway

C. Amazon S3

D. Amazon EBS



28. How many Availability Zones should compute resources be provisioned across to achieve high availability?



A. A minimum of one

B. A minimum of two

C. A minimum of three

D. A minimum of four or more



29. What costs are included when comparing AWS Total Cost of Ownership(TCO) with on-premises TCO?



A. Project management

B. Antivirus software licensing

C. Data center security

D. Software development



30. What is the AWS customer responsible for according to the AWS shared responsibility model?



A. Physical access controls

B. Data encryption

C. Secure disposal of storage devices

D. Environmental risk management


21. D,E
22. C
23. A,D
24. A
25. C
26. B
27. C
28. A
29. A
30. B

31. Which of the following security-related services does AWS offer? (Select 2)



A. Multi-factor authentication physical tokens

B. AWS Trusted Advisor security checks

C. Data encryption

D. Automated penetration testing

E. Amazon S3 copyrighted content detection



32. A customer is deploying a new application and needs to choose an AWS Region. Which of the following factors could influence the customer's decision? (Select 2)



A. Reduced latency to users

B. The application's presentation in the local language

C. Data sovereignty compliance

D. Cooling costs in hotter climates

E. Proximity to the customer's office for on-site visits



33. Which feature of the AWS Cloud will support an international company's requirement for low latency to all of its customers?



A. Fault tolerance

B. Global reach

C. Pay-as-you-go pricing

D. High availability



34. Which of the following security-related actions are available at no cost?



A. Calling AWS Support

B. Contacting AWS Professional Services to request a workshop

C. Accessing forums, blogs, and whitepapers

D. Attending AWS classes at a local university



35. Which of the following is a shared control between the customer and AWS?



A. Providing a key for Amazon S3 client-side encryption

B. Configuration of an Amazon EC2 instance

C. Environmental controls of physical AWS data centers

D. Awareness and training



36. Compared with costs in traditional ad virtualized data centers, AWS has:



A. greater variable costs and greater upfront costs.

B. fixed usage costs and lower upfront costs.

C. lower variable costs and greater upfront costs.

D. lower variable costs and lower upfront costs.



37. Which of the Reserved Instance(RI) pricing models can change the attributes of the RI as long as the exchange results in the creation of RIs of equal or greater value?



A. Dedicated RIs

B. Scheduled RIs

C. Convertible RIs

D. Standard RIs



38. Which of the following is a fast and reliable NoSQL  database service?



A. Amazon Redshift

B. Amazon RDS

C. Amazon DynamoDB

D. Amazon S3



39. Which Amazon EC2 instance pricing model can provide discounts of up to 90%?



A. Reserved Instances

B. On-Demand

C. Dedicated Hosts

D. Spot Instances



40. Which of the following Amazon EC2 pricing models allow customers to use existing server-bound software licenses?



A. Spot Instances

B. Reserved Instances

C. Dedicated Hosts

D. On-Demand Instances

31. C,D
32. A,D
33. D
34. C
35. D
36. D
37. C
38. C
39. D
40. C



41. Which AWS IAM feature allows developers to access AWS services through the AWS CLI?



A. API Keys

B. Access Keys

C. User names/Passwords

D. SSH Keys



42. Which AWS feature will reduce the customer's total cost of owership(TCO)?



A. Shared responsibility security model

B. Single tenancy

C. Elastic computing

D. Encryption



43. The AWS Cloud's multiple Regions are an example of:



A. agility

B. global infrastructure

C. elasticity

D. pay-as-you-go pricing



44. A customer is using multiple AWS accounts with separate billing. How can the customer take advantage of volume discounts minimal impact to the AWS resources?



A. Create one global AWS account and move all AWS resources to the account.


 
B. Sign up for three years of Reserved Instance pricing up front.


 
C. Use the consolidated billing feature from AWS Organizations.

D. Sign up for the AWS Enterprise support plan to get volume discounts.



45. Which of the following is a correct relationship between regions, AZ, and edge locations?



A. Data centers contain regions.

B. Regions contain AZ

C. AZ contain edge locations

D. Edge locations contain regions



46. What is the lowest-cost, durable storage option for retraining database backups for immediate retrieved?



A. Amazon S3

B. Amazon Glacier

C. Amazon EBS

D. Amazon EC2 Instance Store



47. Which of the following is an AWS managed Domain Name System(DNS) web service?



A. Amazon Route 53

B. Amazon Neptune

C. Amazon SageMaker

D. Amazon Lightsail



48. Distributing workloads across multiple AZ supports which cloud architecture design principle?



A. Implement automation

B. Design for agility

C. Design for failure

D. Implement elasticity



49. What is an example of agility in the AWS Cloud?



A. Access to multiple instance types

B. Access to managed services

C. Using Consolidated Billing to produce one bill

D. Decreased acquisition time for new compute resources



50. Which of the following Identity and Access Management(IAM) entities is associated with an access key ID and secret access key when using AWS Command Line Interface(AWS CLI)?



A. IAM group

B. IAM user

C. IAM role

D. IAM policy

41. D
42. A
43. A
44. C
45. B
46. B
47. A
48. A
49. D
50. D

51. Which AWS Services should be used for read/write of constantly chaging data? (Select 2)



A. Amazon Glacier

B. Amazon RDS

C. AWS Snowball

D. Amazon RedShift

E. Amazon EFS



52. Which of the following AWS Cloud services can be used to run a customer-managed relational database?



A. Amazon EC2

B. Amazon Route 53

C. Amazon ElasticCache

D. Amazon DynamoDB



53. Which AWS characteristics make AWS cost effective for a workload with dynamic user demand? (Select 2)



A. High availability

B. Shared security model

C. Elasticity

D. Pay-as-you-go pricing

E. Reliability



54. Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following activities are the customer's responsibility? (Select 2)



A. Patching operating system components for Amazon Relational Database Server

B. Encrypting data on the client-side

C. Training the data center staff

D. Configuring Network Access Control Lists(ACL)

E. Maintaining environmental controls within a data center



55. Which AWS services can host a MS SQL Server database? (Select 2)



A.Amazon EC2

B. Amazon Relational Database Services

C. Amazon Aurora

D. Amazon Redshift

E. Amazon S3



56. Which service provides a virtually unlimited amount of online highly durable object storage?





A. Amazon RedShift

B. Amazon Elastic File System

C. Amazon Elastic Container Service

D. Amazon S3



57. Which of the following is the customer's responsibility under the AWS chared responsibility model?



A. Patching underlying infrastructure

B. Physical security

C. Patching Amazon EC2 instances

D. Patching network infrastructure



58. Which of the following services will automatically scale with an expected increase in web traffic?



A. AWS CodePipline

B. Elastic Load Balancing

C. Amazon EBS

D. AWS Direct Connect



59. Which AWS tools assist with estimating costs? (Select 2)



A. Detailed billing report

B. Cost allocation tags

C. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator

D. AWS Total Cost of Ownership Calculator

D. Cost Eliminator



60. What approach to transcoding a large number of individual video files adheres to AWS architecture principles?



A. Using many instances in parallel

B. Using a single large instance during off-peak hours

C. Using dedicated hardware

D. Using a large GPU instance type



61. Which of the following are characteristics of Amazon S3? (Select 2)



A. A global file system

B. An object store

C. A local file store

D. A network files system

E. A durable storage system



62. Which of the following can limit Amazon Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket access to specific users?



A. A public and private key-pair

B. Amazon Inspector

C. AWS Identity and Access Management(IAM) policies

D. Security Groups



63. The use of what AWS feature or service allows companies to track and categorize spending on a detailed level?



A. Cost allocation tags

B. Consolidated billing

C. AWS Budgets

D. AWS Marketplace



64. Which of the following are advantages of AWS consolidated billing? (Select 2)



A. The ability to receive one bill for multiple accounts


 
B. Service limits increasing by default in all accounts

C. A fixed discount on the money bill

D. Potential volume discounts, as usage in all accounts is combined

E. The automatic extension of the master account's AWS support plan to all accounts.



65. What AWS team assists customers with accelerating cloud adoption through paid engagements in any of several specialty practice areas?



A. AWS Enterprise Support

B. AWS Solutions Architecture

C. AWS Professional Services

D. AWS Account Managers

E. The autimatinc extension of the master account's AWS support plan to all accounts.

51. A,B
52. D
53. C,D
54. B,D
55. A,B
56. D
57. C
58. B
59. B,D
60. A
61. A,B
62. C
63. C
64. A,D
65. C
